Please let me know if there are any extensions other than the bgmusic extension ; because I tried that and it still wont open without bringing up a media player to load the sound .
is there any way for me to have the bookmarks toolbar ` wrap ' to show multiple lines of bookmarks instead of the drop down menu for those that extend past the edge of the browser window ?
Can anyone help and explain why flash player no longer works since the Firefox upgrade yesterday ; and what needs to be done to make it work again ? 
How do I get my navigation toolbar ; my bookmarks toolbar and my Google toolbar to appear under my Menu ( file ; edit ; view ; history ; etc. ) toolbar ? 
Is there any way to set the default browser in one user account under Windows XP to FireFox while keeping IE as the default browser on another user account ? 
Is there any way to turn off the autocomplete feature for secure pages ?
Firefox keeps crashing as soon as I open it.The instructions tell me to Close down Firefox completely : At the top of the Firefox window ; click the File menu ; and select the Exit menu item.But how can I possibly go to the top of the Firefox window to open in safe mode if the system crashes without giving me access to that window ?!!
I opened mozilla this morning and all the text ( everywhere -- > google and lot of other websites ) had became Bold . ( I am only having this problem in firefox and not in IE ) . I am actually using Firefox 3.0.5 ( just updated it from 3.0 to 3.0.5 ) but the problem persist .
I recently updated my Firefox to version 0.9.2 and it seems that I can not connect to the internet anymore.I keep getting the message The connection was refused when attempting to contact www.website.com for every page I try to visit.I know the internet is connected as Netscape and IE all can surf the web as usual
I am using a wireless card to connect. This laptop is mostly used by my dad and sister; and yesterday the internet connection stopped working. The connection to the server was reset while the page was loading. The network link was interrupted while negotiating a connection.
yesterday I have installed firefox 0.9.2 under a new computer without previous firefox installation and everything went OK - I have D/L about 10 extensions but instead of restart the browser for each I have tried to restart it after all of them were installed. now; the problem is i could no longer get firefox to load - the process is on the background (about 14;000K of memory) but the firefox window will not open.
As the title says; I can not seem to open any executable files from the Download Manager. By this; I mean that when I save a downloaded executable to any location on my hard drive; and the download shows as complete in the Download Manager; Firefox does show the Open File confirmation dialog; but once I click OK; the download does not open.
I am starting to like Firefox more lately; mainly due to the pop up blocking capabilities. when I go to download a file; I have not been able to set a progress indicator on a download like IE has. Do I have this disabled somewhere??? All I have now is where it tells me when it is done downloading; not how much is downloaded so far as it is downloading.
I downloaded a skin in firefox to change the look and now every time I do a search via Google I get advertising.
I just installed .092 a couple of days ago; and so far have been quite pleased except for a couple of things: Additionally; when I download anything with the DL manager; it freezes the machine at 15% on every single file I download.
When Firefox upgraded to the latest version of the browser I discovered that al my passwords had disappeared and the password file was empty . 
I really need to install this so I can watch videos on the internet. I have tried to unistall all flash players and reinstall the flash player 10 ; but I still get the same message when I try to install flash player 10 active x .
For some Reason I can no longer access the internet with FF browser.I keep getting an application error.
I have an installation of FF that is currently at 3.0.1. In the options window; I have the option to automatically download and install updates to both FF and extensions.
I have 3 tabs open. When I simply refresh a tab; the Task Manager shows that my memory usage can jump to 1;690;000. During this time FF is shown as Not Responding.